---
layout: post
title: 'Air Bnb Link and Reviews'
image: /assets/images/Screenshot 2024-09-25 144948.png
tags:
  - reviews
  - holiday
---

## [AirBnb](https://www.airbnb.it/rooms/20367002?guests=1&adults=1&s=67&unique_share_id=66e81e3d-05d6-4e85-9764-f07202d56ca6&source_impression_id=p3_1727268502_P3kJglEcYZBK9Tyz)

## Here what our guests said about us

**Kathy, 9 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ The little house far surpassed our (already high) expectations! It was fully equipped and we were welcomed by Francesca's mother with a big bowl of home grown fruits. The location is magnificent. The views, the silence. We had lovely walks and runs on the hills and it is a lovely stroll down to the local village. We loved our three nights here! Would definitely recommend it. Francesca is also a very responsive host, which is highly appreciated.

**Stella, 6 months on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Magnificent place immersed in the peace of the hills. The house is welcoming, cared for in every detail and equipped with every accessory. Excellent welcome

**Elena, 8 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Very nice little house surrounded by a beautiful view. Inside there is everything you need and outside the garden with gate very useful for those who have dogs. A few minutes from the town center. Perfect for those looking to relax. Very friendly owners and efficient communication. My dog ​​and I were very happy.

**Silvia, 2 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Great place to spend a relaxing stay... house with everything you need clean and tidy... green area all around the house with beautiful olive grove.... I have two dogs who had a lot of fun free around the house running.... in short, perfect stay 💗 super helpful owner 👍

**An, 2 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐ a very nice house with attention to detail and a wonderful view. we liked it

**Eve, 9 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ We had a great time in this beautiful area. The house is very nice and cozy. As described. The view is just wonderful. Had a good sleep. We enjoyed walking to the village in the early morning.
it was a Special experience, many thanks to Francesca and her mother, who welcomed us.

**Cees, 6 years on Airbnb:** ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Really exceptionally beautiful location: a small but lovely house, high up in an olive grove with spectacular views of Brisighella and the landscape, with plenty of space, tranquility, sounds of birds and crickets and 100% privacy with the fence in front of the locked driveway. Beautiful sunrises. Lovely walk from the fence to the pretty and historically interesting village with its unique bell tower, the castle, the beautiful and lively park and the many lovely terraces. Also there is the great code just outside the village: a first-class supermarket. Within a radius of 20 km, there are many beautiful hikes in a varied and beautiful landscape. Ravenna and Bologna are reachable in an hour by car and there is also a station in Brisighella. Finally, the host Francesca is very kind and attentive.